Accenture Recruitment and Hiring Privacy Statement

If you use Accenture’s online career resources, we collect and process your personal data for recruiting-related purposes.

We may also use Cookies and other tracking technology and the same technologies we use for Marketing (including Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Databases , Targeted E-mail & Combining and Analyzing Personal Data ) to provide individuals with a personalized online experience, to send relevant information about careers and opportunities at Accenture, and to analyze the effectiveness of our recruitment efforts and resources.

More information about how your data will be used by Accenture during the recruitment process can be found below, or at the Careers website.

Introduction and who is collecting your personal data?

The below explains how Accenture PLC and/or its affiliates, subsidiaries and newly acquired companies ("Accenture"; "we") protect the personal data we process and control relating to you (“your personal data”; "your data") and which rights you have in relation to the processing of your personal data if you use Accenture’s online career resources, when you apply for a job at Accenture or when you are interested in applying for a job. Any Accenture entity located outside the European Union will be represented by Accenture PLC.

What personal data will Accenture collect?

The types of information requested from you and the manner in which that information is collected and accessed are determined by the requirements of the country in which the position is located, and not the country in which you reside.

The following categories of data will be collected by Accenture:

Your personal details;
Data requested to provide during the recruitment process, to the extent allowed by applicable law;
Data you submit in résumés / CVs, letters, writing samples, or other written materials (including photographs);
Data generated by interviewers and recruiters, based on their interactions with you or basic Internet searches where allowed under applicable law;
Data provided by third-party placement firms, recruiters, or job-search websites, where applicable;
Photograph, and images/audio/footage captured on CCTV or other video systems when visiting our office or captured in the course of recruitment events or video recruitment interviews;
Recommendations provided on your behalf by others;
Documentation required under immigration laws;
Data about your prior employment, education, and where applicable, credit history, criminal records or other data revealed during background screenings;
Data about your health or disability where it is relevant to your ability or availability to work or to a workplace accommodation, subject to legal limits on the timing of collection of such data and other applicable limitations.
Data about race / ethnicity / religion / disability / gender and self-identified LGBT status, for purposes of government reporting where required, as well as to understand the diversity characteristics of the Accenture workforce.
Data generated by your participation in psychological, technical or behavioral assessments. You will receive more information about the nature of such assessments before your participation in any of them.
One way that we collect information is through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files of information that save and retrieve information about your visit to our tools and websites. Please read our cookies policy for further information on this.
You are not required to provide any requested information to Accenture but failing to do so may result in not being able to continue your candidacy for the job for which you have applied.
By submitting your information, you acknowledge that all representations made by you are true and correct to the best of your knowledge and belief, and you have not knowingly omitted any related information of an adverse nature. Providing any inaccurate information may make you ineligible for employment.

Why will Accenture process your personal data and on which basis?

Accenture will use your personal data for the following purposes and on the following legal bases:

Purpose

Legal basis

Assess your suitability for employment for the role for which you are applying, as well as future roles that may become available.

Justified on the basis of Accenture’s legitimate interests of ensuring that it recruits the appropriate employees.

Manage your application.

Justified on the basis of Accenture’s legitimate interests of ensuring that it recruits the appropriate employees.

Facilitate communication with you.

Justified on the basis of Accenture’s legitimate interests of ensuring proper communication within the organization and with you.

Perform administrative functions (e.g. reimburse you for interview-related expenses).

Justified on the basis of Accenture’s legitimate interests of ensuring that it recruits the appropriate employees.

Perform data analytics, including analysis of our applicant pool in order to better understand who is applying to positions at Accenture and how to attract and keep top talent.

Justified on the basis of Accenture’s legitimate interests of ensuring that it continually improves its recruitment processes.

In some cases, record your online interview for review by additional recruiters and hiring managers.

Justified on the basis of Accenture’s legitimate interests of ensuring that it recruits the appropriate employees.

If you register on our Careers website, we will enter you into a database to receive future mailings about Accenture positions and events.

Justified on the basis of Accenture’s legitimate interests of ensuring that it recruits the appropriate employees.

Transfer your contact information, education data, employment data, application information and the CV, all as supplied by you in our recruitment system, to the Accenture Talent Connection—a site that we maintain to notify you about new positions that may be of interest to you.

Justified on the basis of Accenture’s legitimate interests of ensuring that it recruits the appropriate employees.

Perform any legally required reporting, and respond to legal process.

Compliance with a legal obligation.

Accenture will not use your personal data for purposes that are incompatible with the purposes listed in this Privacy Statement, unless it is required or authorized by law, or it is in your own vital interest (e.g. in case of a medical emergency) to do so.

To the extent you are asked to accept this statement in one of our tools, such acceptance will be considered as your consent to process your personal data, only in the countries where such consent is mandatory. In all other countries, clicking on acceptance/agreement buttons, will be considered as a mere acknowledgement of this statement.

From what sources will Accenture obtain your personal data?

Accenture may obtain data about you from the following sources:

From you, when you submit resumes or other information online;
From other Accenture affiliates;
From conversations with recruiters and interviews with hiring managers and other Accenture personnel or representatives, some of which may be recorded as well as from Internet searches that these individuals may perform (where allowed by applicable law), or data that they may obtain from job search or professional networking websites (e.g. monster.com, LinkedIn, etc.) where you may have made data about yourself publicly available;
From previous employers;
From social media (where allowed by applicable law);
From third-party recruiters, staffing companies, or websites where you are introduced to Accenture through one. Accenture does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies, but does sometimes use such agencies subject to a written agreement. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through the Careers website or via email to any Accenture employee) and without a written agreement or otherwise will be deemed to be provided for Accenture’s use, and no fee will be paid should the candidate be hired by Accenture; and
From background checks, as applicable. Where permitted by law, Accenture may contract with a third party to perform a pre-employment background screening. The content of background check information varies by country to comply with local requirements, but may include information gathered from publicly available sources, your former employers or colleagues, schools you have attended, credit reporting agencies, and criminal records databases. You will receive more information about the nature of such a background check before it begins. Where required by applicable local law, you may be asked to provide certain background check information, (which may include sensitive data) directly to Accenture.
Who will have access to your personal data? Where are they located?

In general, access to your personal data will be restricted to minimize the number of people in Accenture’s global organization who need it for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, which may include your potential future managers and their designees, personnel in HR, IT, Compliance, Marketing, Legal, Finance and Accounting and Internal Audit.

As a global organization with global IT systems, your personal data may be transferred to other Accenture offices in Accenture's worldwide organization. Accenture has internal policies to ensure an equivalent level of protection is in place across Accenture’s worldwide organization. Any transfers of your personal data to other Accenture offices (including transfers from within the European Economic Area (EEA) to outside the EEA) will be governed by Accenture's binding corporate rules (a copy of which can be found here).

Furthermore, where there is a need, Accenture may share your personal data with third parties, such as third party service providers (including Adobe) and public authorities. Before doing so, Accenture takes steps to protect your personal data. Any service providers and professional advisors to whom your personal data are disclosed, are expected and required to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal data and may only use your personal data in compliance with applicable data protection laws. The following categories of third parties will have access to your personal data:

Recruiters working with the country where the position you are applying for is based. Such individuals may be based in a different country;
Hiring managers and other interviewers. Often these individuals will be based in the country where the position is based, but in some cases, they may be located in other countries;
The global Accenture Talent Management and Talent Connection teams, consisting of a limited number of individuals based in several countries;
Individuals performing administrative and IT support functions;
Authorized personnel at our service providers, including:
Oracle, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Acquisition System;
Avature, which hosts and supports the Accenture Talent Connection;
HireVue, a company that hosts a virtual interview tool used to record interviews where live interviews are not possible;
HiredScore, a company that optimizes the screening and sourcing process to find and hire candidates;
Satmetrix, an application which sends recruitment experience feedback survey to candidates who have applied for open jobs applications at Accenture;
Companies contracted to perform background screenings, where applicable. These companies may be based in another country and may obtain data from other countries where you have lived, worked or studied, as may be relevant as part of a background check. You will receive more information about any such check before it begins;
Companies contracted to assist Accenture in conducting psychological, technical or behavioral assessments;
Other recruitment/HR related service providers of Accenture.
Government officials where legal reporting requirements may exist, or law enforcement agencies or private litigants in response to valid law enforcement process (warrant, subpoena, or court order); and
A third party in connection with any proposed or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Accenture business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
A third party in connection with any proposed or actual client project, to the extent allowed by applicable law.
Unless you are otherwise notified, any transfers of your personal data from within the European Economic Area to third parties outside the European Economic Area (EEA) will be based on an adequacy decision or are governed by the EU standard contractual clauses (a copy of which can be obtained by contacting dataprivacyofficer@accenture.com). Any other, non-EEA originating, international transfers of your personal data, will take place in accordance with the appropriate international data transfer mechanisms and safeguards. To the extent your consent is required in your country to transfer your personal data from your country to another country or to a third party, your agreement with our privacy statement is considered as your consent to transfer your personal data to such country and/or third party.

How long will Accenture retain my personal data?

If you are given and accept an offer of employment by Accenture, personal data collected during your pre-employment period will become part of your Accenture personnel records, to be retained throughout and for a period after your employment with Accenture. If Accenture does not employ you, Accenture may nevertheless continue to retain and use personal data collected during the recruitment process in order to consider you for new positions, and, if appropriate, to refer back to an earlier application if you submit a resume or other information to Accenture again in the future, as well as for system administration, to perform research and analysis, and to invite you to join the Accenture Talent Connection or similar Accenture platforms.
Accenture determines the retention period of your information based on the following retention criteria:

Accenture retains your personal data as long as it has an ongoing relationship with you;
Accenture retains your personal data where it is required to do so by a legal obligation to which it is subject;
Accenture retains your personal data where this is advisable to safeguard or improve Accenture’s legal position (for instance in relation to statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigations).
How Accenture protects your personal data.

We maintain organizational, physical and technical security arrangements for all the personal data we hold. We have protocols, controls and relevant policies, procedures and guidance to maintain these arrangements taking into account the risks associated with the categories of personal data and the processing we undertake.
We adopt market leading security measures to protect your personal data. This includes (without being limitative):

We hold an ISO27001 certification, which indicates that we adhere to the high and strict information security standards. This is a security standard awarded by the British Standards Institution (“BSI”) that serves as international certification that Accenture adheres to the highest and strictest standards. This certification is the only auditable international standard that defines the requirements for an Information Security Management System (“ISMS”) and confirms that Accenture’s processes and security controls provide an effective framework for protecting our clients’ and our own information.
We have a global Client Data Protection (“CDP”) program in place which governs the stewardship of client information and systems entrusted to us.
We have regular penetration testing performed by a third-party provider, which continues to show the strength of our technical defenses.
Which rights do you have with respect to the processing of your personal data?

You have the right (in the circumstances and under the conditions, and subject to the exceptions, set out in applicable law) to:

request access to your personal data: this right entitles you to request access to personal data we process about you, as well as to certain information on such processing;
request rectification of your personal data: this right entitles you to request the rectification or completion of any of your personal data that would be inaccurate or incomplete;
request erasure of your personal data: this right entitles you to request the erasure of your personal data, including where such personal data would no longer be necessary to achieve the purposes;
object to the processing of your personal data: this right entitles you to request that we no longer process your personal data;
request the restriction of the processing of your personal data: this right entitles you to request that we only process your personal data in limited circumstances, including with your consent;
request a copy or the portability of your personal data: this right entitles you to receive a copy of personal data that you have provided to us.
To the extent that the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time by contacting Accenture’s data protection officer at dataprivacyofficer@accenture.com. Please note that this will not affect Accenture’s lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal of consent, nor its right to continue parts of the processing based on other legal bases than your consent.

If, despite our commitment and efforts to protect your personal data, you believe that your data privacy rights have been violated, we encourage and welcome individuals to come to Accenture first to seek resolution of any complaint. You have the right at all times to register a complaint directly with the relevant supervisory authority or to make a claim against Accenture with a competent court (either in the country where you live, the country where you work or the country where you deem that data privacy law has been infringed).

Contact us to exercise any of your rights.

You can also contact Accenture as data controller of your personal data via our Data Privacy Officer (preferably electronically) or via post, clearly marked for the attention of the Data Privacy Officer, on the this address: Accenture Limited Dublin, 1 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

For job seekers from other countries:
This Privacy Statement is also available in the following languages:

Bahasa Malaysia
Brazilian Portuguese
Chinese
Dutch
French (European)
French (Canadian)
German
Italian
Japanese
Spanish
Polish
In the event of any conflict between the English version and any translations of this Privacy Statement, the English version of this Privacy Statement shall prevail.

 

Acknowledgement and consent


To the extent this privacy statement states that (part of) the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you agree by ticking the below “yes” box that:

Accenture collects, uses, discloses and otherwise processes your personal data as described in this privacy statement;
Your personal data may be transferred and disclosed to other entities both within and outside of the country in which you are based, as described in this privacy statement;
You certify that, if you have provided personal data to Accenture about another person (for instance, a family member), you have obtained such other person’s consent to the processing of his/her personal data as described in this privacy statement.
I acknowledge having read and understood this privacy statement, and consent to the above:

 

 




JOB DESCRIPTION

About Accenture: Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Technology and Operations services and Accenture Song-all powered by the world's largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 699,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at accenture.com

Project Role :Application Developer
Project Role Description :Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements.
Management Level :11
Work Experience :2.5-4 years
Work location :Ahmedabad
Must Have Skills :Node.js
Good To Have Skills :
Job Requirements :

Key Responsibilities : The Full-Stack Developer will be responsible for supporting a custom-built dashboard in AngularJS with a Nodejs API    The Developer must prioritize work, estimate work, and assist other developers

Technical Experience : Technical Experience : The Full-Stack developer must be skilled in NodeJS and SQL and have working knowledge of TypeScript and AngularJS  Proficiency: 2 years The Developer must also be experienced in Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment CI/CD to automate builds and deployments  Should be experienced in SQL, AWS RDS, Data modeling, Azure DevOps, Agile, CI/CD

Professional Attributes : 1 Good communication skills  Educational Qualification: 1 minimum 15 years of fulltime education  Additional Info : 1

Educational Qualification : BE Btech Mtech






Disclaimer -Your Data Privacy
Accenture is committed to protecting your information. Your information will be collected, used for the purpose of creating your candidate profile with Accenture and shall be held only as long as necessary to achieve the purpose for which it is collected. The use and transfer of your information will be strictly in accordance with the applicable data privacy law and in line with our privacy policy available at https://www.accenture.com/in-en/privacy-policy. By proceeding and providing the information asked herein you acknowledge and agree that you have read Accenture’s privacy policy and fully understand your rights to access, correct or withdraw your information anytime.



Message
Your responses have been successfully recorded in our system. To modify any of the details already entered, kindly reach out to your talent coach or raise a query under the ‘Write to Us’ section